improve docs (#6)
gesiscss/persistent_binderhub: README.md

# Persistent BinderHub

This is a Helm chart to install a persistent BinderHub. 

> It simply configures and extends [BinderHub chart](https://github.com/jupyterhub/binderhub) to bring persistent storage feature, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It simply configures and extends [BinderHub chart](https://github.com/jupyterhub/binderhub) to add persistent storage, 
```

    auth: {}
```

Note that by default the authenticator is [DummyAuthenticator](https://github.com/jupyterhub/dummyauthenticator) 
and it is recommended to use it only for testing purposes. 

## Installing the chart

First of all you can find the list of charts here: 
https://gesiscss.github.io/persistent_binderhub/

The installation consists of 2 steps. As a first step we install the chart, 
then we will finalize the configuration of the Binder service 

> and upgrade the chart to apply last changes in the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and upgrade the chart to apply final changes in the config.
```
